for this project you'll need two dozen
pre folds I'm using coffees from Green
Mountain diapers and large and media
begin by folding your large pre folds
into thirds once all of your pre folds
are folded begin rolling each prefold
firmly each into the next creating the
bottom layer of your cake you're going
to need about ten pre folds for this
layer be sure to roll firmly and
securely so that this creates a nice
sturdy base for your cloth diaper cake
when you've reached the end secure with
safety pins for profit gherkins
once secured you're going to embellish
with your choice or pattern of ribbon I
chose to keep it simple and use two
simple stripes of thin ribbon next we're
going to move on to our medium-sized
free folds you're going to fold these
into the thirds the same as you did
before with the bottom layer
again we are going to roll our pre folds
just like before making sure everything
is tight and firm securely in place and
when we reach the end we are going to
once again secure it with pins you're
going to need about seven pre folds for
this later
once secured you're going to embellish
again with your choice of ribbon I chose
two stripes of thin ribbon in a
complementary color to the blue brown
ribbon that I've used on my bottom layer
finally grab the two remaining large
pupils and fold them into a thin strip
than before it's approximately quartered
roll just like the previous layers
before and secure with pins once your
layer is ready secure with the safety
pin and embellish once more with ribbon
now simply stack your layers and
embellish to fit your theme I used a few
cloth flowers a pair of newborn mittens
and a couple of keepsake figurines this
project is very customizable and easy to
personalize I hope you'd liked it thanks
for watching